
[Illustration:

  This little book
  is from the library of

  —————————————-
  —————————————-
  —————————————-

  When you have read, and laughed with glee
  Please bring this book right back to me.
]




                      Uncle Wiggily’s Fishing Trip
                                   Or
The Good Luck He Had With the Clothes Hook and How The Pip and Skee Were
   Stuck By the Chestnut Burrs. Also the Good Time at the Marshmallow
                                 Roast.


[Illustration: [Puppy]]

                                Text By
                            HOWARD R. GARIS

        Author of Three Little Trippertrots and Bed Time Stories

                              Pictured By
                             LANG CAMPBELL
                             NEWARK, N. J.

                        CHARLES E. GRAHAM & CO.
                                NEW YORK




   IF YOU LIKE THIS FUNNY LITTLE PICTURE BOOK ABOUT THE BUNNY RABBIT
          GENTLEMAN YOU MAY BE GLAD TO KNOW THERE ARE OTHERS.


So if the spoon holder doesn’t go down cellar and take the coal shovel
away from the gas stove, you may read

   1 UNCLE WIGGILY’S AUTO SLED.

   2 UNCLE WIGGILY’S SNOW MAN.

   3 UNCLE WIGGILY’S HOLIDAYS.

   4 UNCLE WIGGILY’S APPLE ROAST.

   5 UNCLE WIGGILY’S PICNIC.

   6 UNCLE WIGGILY’S FISHING TRIP.

   7 UNCLE WIGGILY’S JUNE BUG FRIENDS.

   8 UNCLE WIGGILY’S VISIT TO THE FARM.

   9 UNCLE WIGGILY’S SILK HAT.

  10 UNCLE WIGGILY, INDIAN HUNTER.

  11 UNCLE WIGGILY’S ICE CREAM PARTY.

  12 UNCLE WIGGILY’S WOODLAND GAMES.

  13 UNCLE WIGGILY ON THE FLYING RUG.

  14 UNCLE WIGGILY AT THE BEACH.

  15 UNCLE WIGGILY AND THE PIRATES.

  16 UNCLE WIGGILY’S FUNNY AUTO.

  17 UNCLE WIGGILY ON ROLLER SKATES.

  18 UNCLE WIGGILY GOES SWIMMING.

        Every book has three stories, including the title story.

[Illustration:

  Uncle Wiggily
  HIS MARK
]

                           _Made in U. S. A._

   Copyright 1919 McClure Newspaper Syndicate. Trade mark registered.
 Copyright 1920, 1922, 1924 Charles E. Graham & Co., Newark, N. J., and
                               New York.




 Uncle Wiggily’s Fishing Trip Or The Good Luck He Had With the Clothes
                                  Hook


[Illustration]

“Where are you going, boys?” asked Uncle Wiggily Longears, the bunny
rabbit gentleman one day, as he stood in front of his hollow stump
bungalow. Nurse Jane was on the steps, shaking the wrinkles out of the
table cloth. Going past, with poles over their shoulders, was Jackie Bow
Wow, the puppy dog boy, and Charlie Chick, the little rooster chap.
“Where are you going?” Uncle Wiggily asked them. “Fishing,” answered
Jackie. “Don’t you want to come?” crowed Charlie, the rooster. “Yes, I
think I might go, later on, perhaps,” said Uncle Wiggily.

[Illustration]

“Why, Uncle Wiggily!” cried Nurse Jane, as she looked out the window.
“You’ll let all my nicely washed clothes down in the mud if you loosen
that line! Please stop!” Uncle Wiggily stopped, but he said: “I want a
bit of line to go fishing with, Nurse Jane. You have more than you need
here.” The muskrat lady laughed. “I’ll get you an extra piece that has
no clothes hanging on it,” she said. “But aren’t you afraid the sharp
hook will hurt the fish you catch?” Uncle Wiggily shook his head. “I’m
going to use a smooth hammock hook,” he said.

[Illustration]

“So you are going fishing, are you?” Nurse Jane called after the bunny
rabbit gentleman who hopped down the road. “Yes,” he answered. “You gave
me a bit of clothes line, I’ll use my rheumatism crutch for a pole, the
dull hammock hook will not hurt the fish, and for bait I’ll give them
some of the cherry pie you put up for my lunch.” Nurse Jane waved her
paw, and said she hoped the bunny gentleman would have good luck and
bring home plenty of fish. “Uncle Wiggily thinks he’ll catch something,”
said the Pipsisewah to Skeezicks, “but we’ll catch him!”

[Illustration]

“Well, now I am all ready to begin fishing,” said Uncle Wiggily to
himself, as he sat down on a green, mossy bank, in a shady nook beside a
little brook. “I’ll bait the dull hammock hook with a nice, sweet, juicy
bit of cherry pie, and then we’ll see what I shall catch.” Hiding behind
the rabbit gentleman, in the bushes, the Skeezicks and Pipsisewah
whispered to one another about catching Uncle Wiggily. “I only hope I
don’t spoil my nice, new hat,” said the Skee. “And I hope nothing
happens to my new cap,” spoke the Pip. Uncle Wiggily knew nothing of
this.

[Illustration]

“Dear me hum suz dud and some slippery eels!” cried Uncle Wiggily. “What
is this I have caught without even wetting my hook in the brook? I
declare! It’s a fine hat! I’ll take it home and Nurse Jane can fix it up
for me! Hats cost money. Now I have a new one for nothing!” Uncle
Wiggily’s hook had snatched the hat off the head of the Skeezicks hiding
in the bushes. And oh, how surprised the Skee was. Likewise the
Pipsisewah. “Come on, let’s grab him quick!” cried the bad chaps. “He’ll
catch us on the hook next!” So they got ready to get the bunny.

[Illustration]

“Well, I do declare!” cried Uncle Wiggily, as once more he swung his
hook and line around his head. “I seem to be having the queerest luck
today! First I catch a hat and then I catch a cap. Well, so much the
better for me. They are both quite sporty. Now I will not have to buy
anything to cover my head all winter. But I must try to catch a fish for
Nurse Jane.” The bad Skeezicks and the worse Pipsisewah were dancing up
and down, they were so mad. “It’s all your fault!” howled the Pip as he
saw his fine cap snatched away. “No, it’s yours!” gargled the Skee.

[Illustration]

“Now to see what I catch this time!” cried Uncle Wiggily, as once more,
he swung his hook and line around his head. “Come on!” cried the Pip to
the Skee. “Come on! This is no place for us! First thing we know he’ll
catch us on that hook!” The Skee began to run, saying: “Uncle Wiggily is
too good a fisherman for us. We’ll have to try again!” The bunny
gentleman had put the hat and cap down on the grass beside him. Then he
saw Jackie Bow Wow and Charlie Chick coming along. The puppy dog boy and
the rooster chap had caught nothing.

[Illustration]

“Oh, Uncle Wiggily! Look!” cried Jackie Bow Wow, as he and the bunny
gentleman and Charlie Chick stopped in front of a drug store on their
way home from the fishing trip. “Look! Special sale of ice cream cones!”
Charlie Chick said: “I wonder how they taste?” Uncle Wiggily, who had
not caught any fish, any more than had the puppy and rooster, sort of
blinked his eyes. “I wonder how much those gold minnows are?” he said to
himself. “I’m going in and ask. I guess I can buy gold fish with silver
money. And we’ll see about some ice cream cones, too!”

[Illustration]

“Well, Uncle Wiggily, did you have good luck?” asked Nurse Jane, as,
standing at the gate of the hollow stump bungalow, she saw Mr. Longears
coming back from his fishing trip. “Good luck? I should say so! I caught
a cap and a hat, and a glass bowl full of fish.” Nurse Jane laughed.
“Did you catch anything, Jackie and Charlie?” she asked. “Ice cream
cones,” answered the puppy dog and rooster chap. “They’re better than
fish!” And back in their dens the Pip and Skee had nothing but cold
potatoes for supper, and they had to wear an old cap and hat.

 And if the wind doesn’t blow the smoke out of the chimney, and tickle
 the gold fish so it sneezes itself out of the water into the condensed
            milk, the next pictures and story will tell how

[Illustration: [Squirrel]]




The Pipsisewah and the Skeezicks Knew Not What Uncle Wiggily Had in the
              Bag. But When They Found Out! Oh My! Oh My!


[Illustration]

Uncle Wiggily Longears, the bunny rabbit gentleman, leaned on the gate
in front of his hollow stump bungalow one day. He was all dressed up to
take a walk, but didn’t know where to go. All at once he saw Johnnie and
Billie Bushytail, the two squirrel boys. “Where are you going, Johnnie
and Billie?” asked the bunny uncle. “We are going to the woods for some
chestnuts and hickorynuts,” answered Johnnie. “Mother puts them in our
cake.” Uncle Wiggily said that was fine. “I wonder if Nurse Jane will
bake a cake if I get some nuts?” said Uncle Wiggily.

[Illustration]

“Nurse Jane,” asked Uncle Wiggily, as he gave a hop, skip and jump back
into the hollow stump bungalow, after Billie and Johnnie had scampered
on down the woodland path, “Nurse Jane, if I get some hickorynuts, or
chestnuts, will you bake them in a cake for me?” She said she would, and
be very glad to. So Uncle Wiggily found an empty flour bag and, slinging
it over his shoulder, off he started to find some nuts in the woods.
“And please be careful that the Pipsisewah or the Skeezicks doesn’t get
you!” begged Nurse Jane.

[Illustration]

Uncle Wiggily hopped and jumped through the woods, with the empty flour
sack over his shoulder. He was thinking how good the nut cake would
taste when, all of a sudden, the bunny rabbit gentleman came to a big
pile of chestnuts under a tree. The wind has blown them down, but they
were still in the stickery, prickery burrs, Jack Frost not having
cracked them open. Uncle Wiggily did not know as much about chestnuts as
did Johnnie and Billie, the squirrels, and picked up the nuts with his
bare paws. “Ouch,” he cried. “I’m stuck full of splinters!”

[Illustration]

While Uncle Wiggily was wondering how he could fill his bag with
chestnuts, and not get the stickers in his paws, along through the woods
came Charlie and Arabella Chick, the little rooster boy and the little
hen girl. “Oh, Uncle Wiggily!” crowed Charlie, “Arabella and I will pick
up the stickery chestnuts for you in our beaks. They won’t stick us!”
Uncle Wiggily said that would be very kind. So, while the bunny held
open the bag, Charlie and Arabella filled it with the prickly chestnuts.
And what do you suppose the Pipe and Skee are going to do?

[Illustration]

“Good-bye, Uncle Wiggily! Good-bye!” crowed Charlie the rooster chap, as
the bunny rabbit gentleman’s bag was filled with chestnuts, and he
started for his hollow stump bungalow. “Good-bye!” answered Uncle
Wiggily. “When Nurse Jane bakes the nut cake, I’ll save you each a piece
for having so kindly helped me!” The Pipsisewah, hiding behind a tree
with the Skeezicks, heard what the bunny said and cried: “He must have a
cake in that bag! When he isn’t looking, I’ll tear the bag open with my
claws and the cake will fall out!”

[Illustration]

Uncle Wiggily walked along through the woods, with the bag of chestnut
burrs over his shoulder. “When I get home,” thought the bunny, “I’ll get
Johnnie and Billie Bushytail to help me take the stickers off the
chestnuts, and then Nurse Jane can make the cake.” Following behind
Uncle Wiggily, laughing and skipping and full of glee, was the old
Pipsisewah and also Mr. Skee. “Won’t we have a good time when I rip that
bag open with my claws, and Uncle Wiggily’s cake falls out!” cried the
Pip. “Indeed we will!” said the Skee. But you wait and see.

[Illustration]

“Hello there, Johnnie and Billie!” cried Uncle Wiggily, as he saw the
two squirrel boys up in a tree. “Did you find any nuts?” the bunny asked
them. “Yes, a few,” answered Billie. “What’s in your bag, Uncle
Wiggily?” asked Johnnie. “Oh, something good,” replied the bunny rabbit.
“Charlie and Arabella Chick helped me, but if it hadn’t been for you I
never would have thought of nut cake. So come down to my hollow stump
bungalow!” Johnnie and Billie were delighted. “Now is my chance!”
whispered the Pip to the Skee. “Watch the cake fall out of the bag!”

[Illustration]

“My goodness me sakes alive and a peanut lollypop! What happened?” cried
Uncle Wiggily, looking around as he felt the bag on his back ripped
open. “What’s the matter?” Johnnie and Billie laughed to see the
Pipsisewah and Skeezicks all stuck up with the sharp chestnut burrs.
“That’s what happened, Uncle Wiggily!” chattered Billie. “The Pip and
Skee were fooled all right!” “You said there was cake in that bag!”
growled the Skee, picking a chestnut splinter from his nose. “I thought
so,” sadly howled the Pip, who had a splinter in each ear.

[Illustration]

“Well, everything came out all right, didn’t it, Uncle Wiggily?” asked
Johnnie, as Nurse Jane gave him another slice of cake. “Yes, everything
came out all right—even the prickly chestnut burrs out of my bag!”
laughed the bunny. “The Pip and Skee won’t bother me again very soon.
They are full of splinters.” Charlie and Arabella had helped pick up the
chestnuts the second time, the bunny fixed the hole made by the
Pipsisewah, and Johnnie and Billie opened the chestnuts. Nurse Jane made
the cake. Everybody was happy except the Pip and the Skee.

  And if the potato pudding doesn’t go out in the dark, and get lost, so
 the apple pie can’t jump rope with it at the Pussy Cat’s party, the next
                     pictures and story will tell how

[Illustration: [Fox]]




 Uncle Wiggily Had a Good Time Roasting Marshmallow Candies. The Fuzzy
             Fox Did Not Have Quite So Much Fun. Oh, Dear!


[Illustration]

“Dear me! What’s all this?” asked Uncle Wiggily Longears one day, as he
sat in his hollow stump bungalow reading the paper. Into his sitting
room came Sammie and Susie Littletail, the rabbits; Johnnie and Billie
Bushytail, the squirrels; Lulu, Alice and Jimmie Wibblewobble, the
ducks; Jackie and Peetie Bow Wow, the puppy dog boys, and Nannie and
Billie Wagtail, the goats. “What’s the matter?” asked Uncle Wiggily.
“Will you please come to the woods and help us roast marshmallow
candies?” asked Sammie. “I will,” said Uncle.

[Illustration]

Off to the woods went the bunny rabbit gentleman and his animal friends.
They built a little fire and then opened the boxes of marshmallow
candies. Uncle Wiggily made some long, sharp-pointed sticks for the
children and then they began to roast the sweet chunks of sticky candy.
All of a sudden Susie Littletail held her marshmallow too close to the
blaze, and it caught fire. “Oh, Uncle Wiggily!” cried Susie. “What shall
I do? My candy is on fire!” Uncle Wiggily twinkled his pink nose and
said: “Be calm, my child!”

[Illustration]

“Fire! Fire!” cried Billie Wagtail, the goat boy. “Call out the fire
engines! I’ll be the chief!” Billie took some bark from a white birch
tree and made himself a trumpet, so he could shout at the other animal
boys. Uncle Wiggily ran quickly to a spring near by, and, scooping up a
lot of water in his tall silk hat, he poured it on Susie’s blazing,
smoking marshmallow. “Now the fire is out!” said the bunny. Some of the
animal girls almost fainted, but the boys found empty tin cans and
brought them full of water.

[Illustration]

The water from Uncle Wiggily’s tall silk hat soon put out the fire in
Susie’s marshmallow, and everything was nice again. Uncle Wiggily and
the other animal boys and girls were just going to roast more candies
when, all of a sudden, Nannie Wagtail, the goat girl, sat down in a pile
of sticky marshmallows which Billie Bushytail left on top of a flat
stump. “Oh, Uncle Wiggily! Uncle Wiggily!” bleated Nannie. “I’m stuck
fast! Oh, has a bear got me?” The bunny laughed. “You are only stuck on
the sticky candies,” he said. “I’ll pull you loose!”

[Illustration]

“Now, all together! Pull!” cried Uncle Wiggily, when they had taken hold
of Nannie, the goat girl. “Pull hard, everybody!” said the bunny rabbit
gentleman, “and we’ll soon have Nannie loose from the sticky
marshmallows. You shouldn’t have left them there, Billie.” The squirrel
boy said he was sorry. Then, with laughter and shouts, they all pulled,
one, two, three! Nannie slowly came loose from where she was stuck on
the stump. Over in the woods, the bad old fox tramp heard the noise. “I
must see what that is,” he said.

[Illustration]

All of a sudden, just as Uncle Wiggily and the animal boys and girls
were going to start roasting marshmallows again, right through the
bushes jumped the bad old fuzzy tramp fox. Susie’s candy-fire had been
put out, Nannie had been pulled loose from the stump, and here was new
trouble. “How dare you roast marshmallows in my woods?” growled the fox.
“We didn’t know these were your woods,” spoke Uncle Wiggily, politely.
“Well, they are!” grumbled the fox. “And, just for that, I’m going to
bite a lot of souse off your ears.”

[Illustration]

Uncle Wiggily was brave. As soon as the fox jumped through the bushes
the bunny rabbit began to think of a way to save himself and the animal
boys and girls. Uncle Wiggily whispered to Billie Wagtail and Jackie Bow
Wow to put a lot of the sticky marshmallow candies on a flat stump
behind the fox. Then the bunny rabbit said to the fuzzy chap: “Wouldn’t
you like to roast a marshmallow before you bite my souse?” The fox
growled and said: “Well, I s’pose I might as well! Candy goes well with
souse. I’ll roast one.” The fox began to do this.

[Illustration]

When Uncle Wiggily saw that the pile of sticky candies was in readiness
on the flat stump behind the fuzzy fox, the bunny rabbit made a low and
polite bow with his tall silk hat and said: “Won’t you please be seated,
Mr. Fox, while you are roasting your candy? It may take some little
time, and perhaps you will get tired. Sit down, I pray you.” The fox
growled and said: “Well, I s’pose I might!” So he got ready to sit down.
Billie and Jackie laughed so hard, but in whispers, they could hardly
stand up. “Wait till he sits down,” said Billie.

[Illustration]

“Oh, wow! Double wow and some feather pillows!” howled the fox, as he
felt himself caught by the sticky candies. “What has happened?” Uncle
Wiggily, first having told the animal children to run along toward their
homes, blew a kiss to the fuzzy fox, who was caught fast. “Lots has
happened,” said the bunny rabbit. “You thought you would catch me, but
you are caught yourself! It will be a good while before you can pull
yourself loose, Mr. Fox!” The fox growled and grumbled, but he could not
get away. So Uncle Wiggily was saved.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  When you have finished reading this nice
  little book, perhaps you would like to read
  a larger volume about Uncle Wiggily.

  If so, go to the book store and ask the
  Man for one of the Uncle Wiggily Bedtime
  Story Books, they have a lot of
  Funny Pictures in and 31 stories—one for
  every night in the month. If the book
  store man has none of these volumes ask
  him to get you one or send direct to the
  Publishers,
]

                          A. L. BURT COMPANY.
                          114 EAST 23rd STREET
                             NEW YORK CITY

[Illustration:

  LOOK
  HERE!

  UNCLE WIGGILY
  HAS A MESSAGE FOR _YOU_

  _Dear Boys and Girls_:—

  _I know you will like this little
  book, and I want to tell you something
  else that my author-father, Mr. Garis, has
  done for you. He has made a wonderful
  game, played on a big, beautiful, colored
  board. It’s all about me and he calls it_

  _The Uncle Wiggily Game_

  _It is sold by all stores and toy-dealers.
  Ask for _The Uncle Wiggily Game_._

  _Yours for happy hours.
          Uncle Wiggily_
                              HIS
                              MARK
]

------------------------------------------------------------------------




                          TRANSCRIBER’S NOTES


 Page                    Changed from            Changed to

 Chapter Heading         [omitted]               Uncle Wiggily’s Fishing
                                                 Trip Or The Good Luck
                                                 He Had With the Clothes
                                                 Hook

 1. Silently corrected obvious typographical errors and variations in
      spelling.
 2. Retained archaic, non-standard, and uncertain spellings as printed.
 3. Enclosed italics font in _underscores_.
